I went inside the Mojang Studio in
Stockholm, Sweden, and I saw new
features there that could change the
future of Minecraft forever. It all
began when I got an email inviting me
out to visit the Mojang HQ. But first, I
had to find my way there, which was
going to be tough because I've never
been to Sweden. I flew for basically an
entire day before finally reaching the
land of the midnight sun. When I got to
the airport, I knew I must be getting
close. Everything felt so Scandinavian,
from my hotel room to the local cuisine.
But just as the old buildings and
carless streets began to melt my feeble
American mind, I finally found the
office. Inside was the greatest
collection of Minecraft stuff I have
ever seen in my life. I honestly felt
like the king of the world. But then I
started running into some familiar
faces, and we noticed a weird amount of
camera equipment everywhere. That's when
Mojang employee grabbed us and began
showing us all the new features that are
coming to the game. And now I get the
chance to personally help show you. I'm
going to be in the Minecraft Live After
show on September 27th starting at 9:30
a.m. Pacific time.